What happened?
His head fell off!
His head fell off?
Yeah, he was pretty old
Oh, that's it! I've had it with this dump!
We've got no food, we've got no jobs, our pets' heads are falling off!
Pussy, pussy, pussy, can't you see
You bitches can't do it like me
Motherfuckers stay mad, like I killed their mom or something
If you really didn't care, you'd let it be, yo
I've been dying since day one, but y'all knew that
My dick like Americans: Too fat, but dangerous
I'm the grimiest motherfucker to walk this earth
The shit I do is way below dirty sewers, a connoisseur
I'm a flying reptile, a pterodactyl on Adderall
I've got a bunch of scales that I dug up, you've never heard at all
Eat a dick little faggot, jeez, and furthermore
You're trying to scrap with me? I don't beef, faggot, I'm herbivore (Hmm)
I crawled into the industry
A saturated circus, manipulating like Hillary
They say I'm crazy, but lately they've been defending me
'Cause take a look around, motherfucker, everyone's digging me
I live in a constant state of fear and misery
Do you miss me anymore?
And I don't even notice when it hurts anymore
Anymore, anymore, anymore
Pussy, pussy, pussy, can't you read
I'm a dirty old pussy eating freak
Motherfuckers still mad like I killed their mom or something
If you really didn't care, you'd let me eat
Here we go again, I'll make jokes about your estrogen
That's pretty much the rest of this song, I'm roasting everything
I'm a weird little entity that'll enter titties
And bust all over the tummy and little nippies
(Ew!)
I know I'm morbid at times, that's how I like to be
They call my dick a mammoth, you salty you got a micro D
Classic penis joke, inserted with appropriate timing
'Cause if I ain't got a penis line I ain't dining
No homo, but seriously I'm getting faded
And my life is like my vids, low budget and underrated
Kids, the only way to succeed is to chip away at the soul
And hope that by the time you get there you ain't singin'
I live in a constant state of fear and misery
Do you miss me anymore?
And I don't even notice when it hurts anymore
Anymore, anymore, anymore
Don't take the lyrics too seriously, I don't really give a shit