Uh, what?
What? What? What?
I'm a large pink cunt
Know what I'm sayin'?
Yeah, yeah, yeah
They wanna see a man do the god shit
Narcotics if you wanna get nauseous (Uh-Huh)
Pink Guy dancin' like a clown
Keep laughin' lil cunt, I got money on the down low
Y'all think this about my feelings?
They still think this about my feelings?
Like Big Bird or a Steve from the Blues Clues
When the sun go down she go down too (Yuh)
Ridin' around with a bump and a pound too
If you wanna leave a voice mail hit the pound two
I got money out the orifice
I buy your girl Louis bag, shit's glorious (Oh)
I'm not a hero or a role model
I'ma spray your moms and your girl, no nozzle
Drinkin' red wine out of Gatorade bottles
If you can't keep up then pull off to the bottom kid (Uh)
They say I'm an elitist
Like I'm better than the bunch, uh duh nice hunch cunts
When the sun go down I'm a fiend
When the sun go down I'm a monster
When the sun go down I'm sippin' lean
When the sun go down I hope it never come up (yup)
Young boy with the trash talk
Run your little mouth, find it sittin' on the asphalt
I know you tryna be me, I don't have a doubt
I can't answer at the moment, I got pussy in my mouth
My mouth, pussy in my face
Depending on the nationality I get a different taste (Yuh)
Y'all really think I'm out here having hard times
I got 17 jobs, this one's part time (Seven-Eleven)
Suck a dick and a ball sack
Poppin' more pills than the moms in the cul-de-sac
Fuck her good on the couch while your dad's gone
Poke holes in her face, jack'o lantern
She like how the leather feels
She really like that I rejected several record deals
She said "why?"
I said "the money wasn't good enough"
She said "ooh wow, you really know your stuff"
Yeah I do bitch
I don't need a fucking marketing team tryna blow my shit
I'm not a fuckin' vlog cunt with a lot of chicks
Tryna buy an autobiography about my dick
Whoops, fuck that
I work hard for my shit, y'all boys are just fuckin' whack
I'm the only one who cares about the process
I'm the only one who fuckin' with the progress
I'm the only one who made it with no middle man
(I don't care about this song anymore)
How ya like that? How, how ya like that?
I got money on my back, I don't need your fuckin' cash
How ya like that? How, how ya like that?
I got money on my back, I don't need your fuckin' cash
It's yo favorite pink cunt!
How ya like that? How, how ya like that?
I got money on my back, I don't need your fuckin' cash
How ya like that? How, how ya like that?
I got money on my back, I don't need your fuckin' cash
Yo, yo shout out shout out to Steve from Blue's Clues go go find those clues man. Heh go find those clues man
Pink Season Coming soon